== License ==

Copyright (c) 2012, Christopher Mark Gore,
All rights reserved.

8729 Lower Marine Road, Saint Jacob, Illinois 62281 USA.
<br>Web: http://cgore.com
<br>Email: cgore@cgore.com

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of Christopher Mark Gore nor the names of other contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

'''THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS <i>"AS IS"</i> AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.'''

== Introduction ==

These are just some simple programs that I wrote while playing around with SDL
in C++ for the first time, trying to figure out how it works.  The code builds
upon itself in the examples, each example being a slightly more capable version
of the previous one, with slightly more in-depth use of the SDL.  If you are
trying to figure out the SDL in C++ too, then looking at these examples might
help you on your way.

== Useful Tutorials ==

* Lazy Foo' Productions: http://lazyfoo.net/SDL_tutorials/index.php

== Experiments ==

[[01-clownfish]]: This is the very first program.  All it does is blit an image
of a clownfish to the screen, wait for a little while, and then close.  This is
the most simple program I could think of to get started with SDL in C++, the
game equivalent of hello world.

[[02-tiles]]: This program loads multiple images and draws them all to the screen.
I am tiling them and made a basic Tile class to support this.

[[03-other-image-formats]]: This program uses a PNG image and several JPEG
images.  I believe that IMG_Load will support most image formats, but
SDL_LoadBMP only supports BMP files.

[[04-events]]: This program looks for a quit signal or a keypress and reports it
via the console.

[[05-movement]]: This program takes the event handling and makes it useful,
detecting keypresses and then moving around a player because of them.

[[06-text]]: This program adds text messages to the graphical screen instead of
to the console.

[[07-mouse]]: This program detects and reports mouse actions.

[[08-map]]: This program generates the map from a vector<string> instead of
being hard-coded.

[[09-big-map]]: This program allows for the map to be larger than the view
window, and allows the player to walk around in the whole map.
